Alt attribute: instructions (#21642)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/howto/images_media/index.md

6. Now you're ready to create your
   [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

## Adding alternative text to images

> Every `![]` and `<img>` must include `alt` text. Provide short and concise text providing all the relevant information the image conveys to a person who is able to see the image.

Author: ```suggestion
Every image,  `![]` and `<img>`, must include `alt` text. Provide short and concise text providing all the relevant information the image conveys. This text is read by those unable to see the image.
```

> Content of `alt` text differ based on the context. For example, if the photo of a dog is the avatar for a Yuckymeat dog food review, `alt="Fluffy"` is appropriate. If the photo is the dog's image on a animal rescue adoption site, the `alt="Fluffy, a tri-color terrier with very short hair, with a tennis ball in her mouth."` is appropriate as image conveys information that is relevant for a prospective dog parent not duplicated in surrounding text. There is rarely a need to describe the image itself. In this scenario, the dog being outdoors with a red collar and a blue leash doesn't add useful information in this context.

Author: ```suggestion
The content of `alt` text differs based on the context. For example, if the photo of a dog is the avatar for a Yuckymeat dog food review, `alt="Fluffy"` is appropriate. If the photo is the dog's image on an animal rescue adoption site, the `alt="Fluffy, a medium-sized tri-color terrier with very short hair, playing with a chew toy."` is appropriate as the image conveys information relevant for prospective dog parents which is not duplicated in the surrounding text. There is rarely a need to describe the image itself; Fluffy being outdoors with a red collar and a blue leash doesn't add useful information in either context.
```

Alternative text should include all the information the image conveys that a sighted user can access and is relevant to the context; nothing more. Keep it short, precise, and useful.

> The syntax in markdown:

Author: ```suggestion
The syntax in markdown and HTML:
```

> Alternative text should include all the information the image conveys that a sighted user can access and is relevant to the context is what needs to be conveyed; nothing more. Keep it short, precise, and useful.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternative text should include all the information the image conveys that a sighted user can access and is relevant to the context; nothing more. Keep it short, precise, and useful.
```

```html
![<alt-text>](<url-of-image>)
<img alt="<alt-text>" src="<url-of-image>">
```

Examples:

```html
![OpenWebDocs Logo: Carle the book worm](carle.png)
<img alt="OpenWebDocs Logo: Carle the book worm" src="carle.png">
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
While purely decorative images should have an empty `alt`, images added to MDN documentation should have a purpose, and therefore require a non-empty-string description.
```

> While purely decorative images should have an empty `alt`, images added to MDN documentation should have a purpose, and therefore require a non-empty-string description.

Author: ```suggestion

While purely decorative images should have an empty `alt`, images added to MDN documentation should have a purpose, and therefore require a non-empty-string description.
```

Alternative text should include all the information the image conveys that a sighted user can access and is relevant to the context; nothing more. Keep it short, precise, and useful.

The syntax in markdown and HTML:

```html
![<alt-text>](<url-of-image>)
<img alt="<alt-text>" src="<url-of-image>">
```

Examples:

```html
![OpenWebDocs Logo: Carle the book worm](carle.png)
<img alt="OpenWebDocs Logo: Carle the book worm" src="carle.png">
```

While purely decorative images should have an empty `alt`, images added to MDN documentation should have a purpose, and therefore require a non-empty-string description.

> ## Compressing images

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Compressing images
```
